Copyright (c) 2022-2023 Mr. Lee Bissessar

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the SimuNEX software and associated documentation files, to use this software for public research, education, or personal use, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
2. Commercial use is not allowed. You may not sell this software, altered source versions, any part thereof, or any of the rights granted to you under the license. You may not provide to third parties, for a fee or other consideration (including without limitation fees for hosting or consulting/support services related to the software), a product or service whose value derives from the functionality of this software, altered source versions, or any part thereof, unless explicit permission is granted to you by the copyright owner.
3. Military use is not allowed. You may not use this software, altered source versions, or any part thereof for military research or any military or defense industry purposes, or within a military institution.
4. You may not train AI models on the source code of this software, altered source versions, or any part thereof.
5. If binaries of altered source versions or data or results generated by altered source versions are published, the altered source code must be published as well.
6. If scientific publications arise from this software or altered source versions, appropriate citations to relevant research or publications should be included.
7. This license notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The [intellectual property policy of The University of the West Indies](https://www.open.uwi.edu/sites/default/files/UWI_POLICY_ON_INTELLECTUAL_PROPERTY_MANAGEMENT_AND_COMMERCIALISATION.pdf) applies, particularly in relation to the management and commercialization of intellectual property developed within the University. The name "SimuNEX" is protected under the relevant intellectual property laws and regulations applicable to The University of the West Indies and its served countries.